Content Updates from Edify - First 10 files (#2237)
gruntwork-io/docs: docs/2.0/docs/library/concepts/module-defaults.md

# Module Defaults

> Module defaults allow infrastructure as code developers to reference a terraform module, set locals, and set default (but mutable) variable values. This pattern helps keep Terragrunt architecture DRY, reducing the likelihood of errors when making changes across environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Module defaults allow infrastructure as code developers to reference an OpenTofu/Terraform module, set locals, and set default (but mutable) variable values. This pattern helps keep Terragrunt architecture DRY, reducing the likelihood of errors when making changes across environments.
```
